today we're going to learn lots of
vocabulary and phrasal verbs with
jennifer aniston and lisa kudrow
most famously known as rachel and phoebe
from friends
[Music]
[Applause]
do you want to understand natives even
when we speak fast
without getting lost without missing the
jokes and without subtitles
then you better hit that subscribe
button and the bell down below so that
you don't miss a single one of our new
lessons
just like this fan who says that he's
learned more in one of our lessons
than in 14 years learning school english
i've got a million questions for you
a million questions for you i know a lot
of them answers because we know each
other
yeah it turns out we know each other
so i know things
um i know we do we do we know each other
so we have a little word of
slight dis but we're going to pretend
that we don't i know what by the way
one of the questions that was suggested
that i ask is um
if you can remember um any episodes of
friends that
we did together and we were in every
in every episode together so i just
thought that we weren't
funny that's that's a that was a great
question
do you remember any episodes we were in
together
i don't know it's really not i don't
think we ever appeared in the same
screenshots huh yeah yeah
we did a lot
[Laughter]
i don't know why for some reason i kept
thinking about i was thinking about
uh the one with the the
fire alarm but i don't even think i was
in that one with you the one where you
could
i don't know even what you're talking
you're talking about
i mean if you said the one with anything
after i'd go yeah that episode
the one with the fire alarm sounds made
up it wasn't the title of it it was you
know the little disc the fire alarm that
you couldn't and you would
it's it was possessed oh i remember
and you couldn't you took the battery
out you and then you smashed it you
rolled it up in a blanket and then you
threw it down the
firing center incinerator and then
the police showed up with it and it says
property
buffet
i just remember joey looks at naked
pictures of us
well he eats and eats chicken
and i didn't get the line right joey
eats chicken
he looks at naked pictures of it he eats
chicken and he looks i don't remember it
either
let's not do that i don't remember any
of my
barely any of my lines
[Music]
it turns out we know each other so i
know
things the phrasal verb turns out is
used to say that something is discovered
finally and surprisingly example
the truth turned out to be very strange
here lisa is joking about the fact that
they actually know each other
and this is something that we all know
as they shared the screen for 10 years
um i know we do we do we know each other
so we have a little word of
slight dis but we're going to pretend
that we don't to pretend
is to behave as if something is true
when you know that it is not
does anybody want these i'll take one
sometimes i like to hold stuff like this
and pretend i'm a giant
look i know i should have told you this
a long time ago but i am not
drake remore okay i'm not even a doctor
i'm an actor i just pretend to be a
doctor
oh my god as both lisa and jennifer
really know each other they are going to
pretend that they don't so that they can
interview each other
do you remember any episodes we were in
together
i don't know it's really not i don't
think we ever appeared in the same
screenshots by saying this jennifer is
jokingly saying that they never
appeared in the same scene together this
is obviously not true
as they share the screen many many times
throughout the show
i mean if you said the one with anything
after i'd go yeah that episode
if you're a friends fan you probably
know that all of the episodes are named
like this
the one with or wear something for
example
the one with joey's interview or the one
where ross finds out
the one with the fire alarm sound tomato
this phrasal verb is commonly used to
say that something is invented
lisa is saying that it doesn't sound
like a true title of one of the episodes
and she is actually right as it wasn't
the actual name of this episode
is the one where they're up all night it
wasn't the title of it it was you know
the little dust the fire alarm that you
couldn't and you would
it's it was possessed oh i remember
if someone or something is possessed it
is controlled by an evil spirit
let's look at the scene that they're
referring to so to get the beeping to
stop all i have to do
okay
okay this is where you and i part ways
[Music]
noisy
oh my god how did you get back here
tv
fire alarm
oh hi officer fireman can i help you
you found your fire alarm in the trash
chute that's not mine
yes it is how do you know the next time
you want to dump a fire alarm in the
trash chute
don't wrap it in a blanket that says
property of phoebe buffet not monica
so here at learn english with tv series
we are celebrating
3 million subscribers thanks to you we
have been able to help
learners all around the world to learn
real life english
in a meaningful and fun way so to thank
you
we are giving a 51 discount on our
fluent with friends
course just imagine this time next
year you could be watching your favorite
tv series
laughing along with all the jokes you
could be having a meaningful
conversation
you might even get a promotion at work
and you could even move to another
country
the possibilities are endless when you
put your mind to it
and our fluent with friends course can
really help you to achieve your goals
just like miriam who says that by the
last lesson with our support she had
already achieved her goals
and each week she really looked forward
to the next lesson
so what are you waiting for you can
click up here or in the description down
below
to learn more and sign up now and to get
your 51
discount you can use the coupon code 3
million
and you could you took the battery out
you and then you smashed it you rolled
it up in a blanket and then you threw it
down the
firing center incinerator in this
sentence we can find
great pieces of vocabulary let's check
them out
if you smash something you violently
break that thing into pieces
in this scene phoebe did this with the
battery of the fire alarm
after doing this she rolled it up in a
blanket
this refers to the action of putting the
pieces in a blanket and rolling it like
this
and then you smashed it you rolled it up
in a blanket and then you threw it down
the
firing center incinerator an incinerator
is a device used for burning waste
material
this scene is particularly funny because
it wasn't enough for her to just break
the device but she
also set it on fire and then
the police showed up with it and it says
property
phoebe's buffet if you own something you
can say that that thing is your property
such as your house or your bike the
phrasal verb show up
is commonly used to say that someone
arrived somewhere in order to join a
group of people
as with most phrasal verbs we can see a
good example of connected speech here
let's hear it again and then the police
showed up with it natives tend to
connect and link their words together in
order to speak fluently
this is called connected speech now up
is a preposition which is an example of
a function word
these words reduce and connect to
content words like
show or showed which are stressed
so instead of saying showed up jennifer
says
showed up let's listen to this again
fast and slow
and then the police showed up with it
showed up with it natives do this all
the time
let's look at some more examples of the
reduction of prepositions and connected
speech
oh my god you are going to love me so
much i felt really bad about the whole
bachelorette party thing
so i don't want to be single okay i just
i just i just want to be married again
remember anyway barely any of my lines
barely is a word meaning hardly or
scarcely
example he was so dizzy that he could
barely stand
have a uh commitment issue since friends
to be honest with you of what's what
does that look like what do you mean
just fear of committing to something
because nothing will ever be as good as
friends
i understand friends it was more than
just
it's not like oh it was such hard work
for 10 years
i know that show worked because
we all committed to each other
too right you know it wasn't just
committing to a role committing like to
a contract
i mean we all still love each other
yeah aren't casts
like that and that's why that worked
we've always said to each other that if
we were ever to go back to
television into in the way that we
were on with fred it would have to be
something that the at least just the
three girls did
together yeah right yeah and i think
because
with these other jobs that we've done
that's not
it's not the you know five you know
camera multi-cam type of
experiences it's it's it's hard to
differentiate what we're the television
we're doing now from the film
from a film schedule you know right yes
that's true
that's not as scary to me but i mean i
have
looked at you know a prime time network
you know if it's successful if you're
lucky enough for it to be successful and
and that's what i've gotten close to
doing because i thought oh it's fun
and it's light and people need to be
entertained and i want to do it and then
it's like
oh but oh but when i've
created something myself which i've only
two shows
that i've done that with you know um and
so when i've done that then i feel like
um
it's okay because i have all the people
around that
it makes it okay i don't know maybe i'm
just becoming a
nut as i get older which is
you know that's possible
[Music]
have a a commitment issue since friends
to be honest with you if you are
committed to a certain thing
you care and are dedicated to it in this
case
you have a fear of commitment so i say
you go in there and you be the most
committed guy there ever was
amazingly that makes sense lisa is
saying that since
friends ended she has been having
commitment issues
that is problems in being dedicated to
the things that she does
jennifer says that she is having the
same problem as she feels that nothing
will be as good as friends
you know it wasn't just committing to a
role committing
like to a contract i mean
we all still love each other a role is
an actor's part in a play or movie and a
contract is a legal agreement
here she is saying that they weren't
just committed to the role they played
or the contract they had to fulfill they
really cared about the series and loved
each other and for that reason they were
fully committed to it
it's hard to differentiate what we're
the television we're doing now from the
film
from a film schedule a schedule is a
list of planned activities to be done
showing the times and dates
where they are intended to happen that's
true
that's not as scary to me but i mean i
have
looked at you know a prime time network
if a show is screened at prime time that
means that it's shown at a time where
the audience is expected to be at its
highest
and it's light and people need to be
entertained and i want to do it and then
it's like
oh but oh oh do you know what it means
for a show to be light
[Music]
exactly if a show is light it means that
the topics that it involves are fun and
entertaining
and it's usually a comedy i have all the
people around that
it makes it okay i don't know maybe i'm
just becoming a
nut the expression to be a nut
is used to say that someone is crazy or
silly
however here lisa says a nut
although this is not
formal this word can be commonly used to
intensify a statement
it would be similar to saying that
someone is really crazy
[Music]
i've got a million questions for you
a million questions for you i know a lot
of them answers because we know each
other
yeah it turns out we know each other
so i know things
um i know we do we do we know each other
so we have a little word of
slightest but we're going to pretend
that we don't
i know one by the way one of the
questions that was suggested that i
ask is um if you can remember um
any episodes of friends that we did
together
and when we were in every
in every episode together so i just
thought that we weren't
funny that's that's a that was a great
question do you remember
any episodes we were in together i don't
know it's really not i don't think we
ever appeared in the same
screenshots huh yeah yeah
we did a lot and
[Laughter]
i don't know why for some reason i kept
thinking about i was thinking about uh
the the one with the the fire alarm but
i don't even think i was in that one
with you
the one where you i don't know even what
you're talking about talking about
i mean if you said the one with anything
after i'd go yeah that episode
the one with the fire alarm tomato
it wasn't the title of it it was you
know the little dust the fire alarm that
you couldn't and you would if
it's it was possessed oh i remember
and you couldn't you took the battery
out you and then you smashed it you
rolled it up in a blanket and then you
threw it down the
firing center incinerator and then
the police showed up with it and it says
property of phoebe's
buffet
[Music]
i just remember joey looks at naked
pictures of us
well he eats and eats chicken
and i didn't get the line right joey
eats chicken he looks at naked pictures
of it he eats chicken and he looks i
don't remember it either let's not do
that
i don't remember any of my barely any of
my lines
i have a a commitment issue since
friends to be honest with you of what's
what does that look like what do you
mean
just fear of committing to something
because nothing will ever be as good as
friends
i understand friends it was more than
just
it's not like oh it was such hard work
for 10 years
i know that show worked because
we committed
to each other too right
you know it wasn't just committing to a
role
committing like to a contract i mean
we all still love each other yeah there
aren't
casts like that and that's why
that worked we've always said to each
other that if we were ever to go back to
television into in the way that we
were on with fred it would have to be
something that the at least just the
three girls did
together yeah right yeah and i think
because
with these other jobs that we've done
that's not
it's not the you know five you know
camera multi-cam type of
experiences it's it's it's hard to
differentiate what we're the television
we're doing now from the film
from a film schedule you know right yes
that's true that's not as scary to me
but i mean i
have looked at you know a prime
time network you know if it's successful
if you're lucky enough for it to be
successful and
and that's what i've gotten close to
doing because i thought oh it's
fun and it's light and people need to be
entertained and i want to do it and then
it's like
oh but oh oh but when i've
created something myself which i've only
two shows
that i've done that with you know um and
so when i've done that then i feel like
um
it's okay because i have all the people
around that it makes it okay i don't
know maybe i'm just becoming a
nut
[Music]
get older which is you know that's
possible
amazing work today so if you're ready to
take your english to the next level and
understand your favorite movies and tv
series
then i highly recommend you take
advantage and check out our fluent with
friends course
for a huge discount with our 3 million
code at checkout for your 51
off you can click down in the
description below for that link
and remember you only have a few more
days to take advantage of this amazing
offer
so now it's time to go beyond the
classroom and live your english
oh yeah yeah there's just one thing that
might be
kind of a problem see i uh i had to kiss
this guy
because he was just so darn cute
no as part of the audition see i'm up
for the part of this guy who the main
guy
kisses well hey you're an actor i say
you just suck it up and you do it
or you just do it i did do it i'm a
professional